962 Refine docs (#1717)
bcgov/cas-registration: docs/backend/optimization.md

Optimizing database queries is crucial for improving the overall performance of a Django application. Django provides several techniques to optimize database queries and minimize the number of queries executed.

### Using `select_related`

[Django's `select_related`](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.2/ref/models/querysets/#select-related) is a performance booster which results in a single more complex query but means later use of foreign-key relationships won’t require database queries.

```python
from django.db import models

class City(models.Model):
    # ...
    pass

class Person(models.Model):
    # ...
    hometown = models.ForeignKey(
        City,
        on_delete=models.SET_NULL,
        blank=True,
        null=True,
    )

class Book(models.Model):
    # ...
    author = models.ForeignKey(Person, on_delete=models.CASCADE)

# Hits the database with joins to the author and hometown tables.
b = Book.objects.select_related("author__hometown").get(id=4)
p = b.author  # Doesn't hit the database.
c = p.hometown  # Doesn't hit the database.

# Without select_related()...
b = Book.objects.get(id=4)  # Hits the database.
p = b.author  # Hits the database.

> c = p.hometown  # Hits the database.

Reviewer: This is a way better explanation than I found when I was looking up select_related, thanks!!

Consider the following example with a Book model:

```python
from django.db import models

class Book(models.Model):
    title = models.CharField(max_length=100)
    author = models.CharField(max_length=100)
    published_at = models.DateTimeField()
    page_count = models.IntegerField()
    genre = models.CharField(max_length=50)

# Without using .only(), this fetches all fields from the database.
all_books = Book.objects.all()

# Using .only() to fetch only specific fields - title and author.
selected_fields_books = Book.objects.only('title', 'author').all()
```

This optimization becomes more noticeable when dealing with larger datasets or when only a subset of fields is required for a particular operation. By utilizing .only(), you can enhance the performance of your Django application by minimizing unnecessary data transfer from the database.

### Optimizing Django-Ninja Schema

> When defining Pydantic schemas for Django-Ninja, explicitly include only the fields that are essential for processing or need to be included in the response. Avoid adding unnecessary fields to minimize the data transmitted over the network and improve the overall efficiency of your API.

Reviewer: suggestion for clarity: ```suggestion
When defining Pydantic schemas for Django-Ninja, explicitly include only the fields that are essential for processing or need to be included in the response. This minimizes the data transmitted over the network and improves the overall efficiency of your API.
```

In the following example, the `OperationListOut` schema is defined to include only the essential fields from the `Operation` model to be used on the client side.(Operations Table)

```python
from ninja import ModelSchema

class OperationListOut(ModelSchema):
    operator: str = Field(..., alias="operator.legal_name")
    bc_obps_regulated_operation: Optional[str] = Field(None, alias="bc_obps_regulated_operation.id")

    class Config:
        model = Operation

>         model_fields = ['id', 'name', 'bcghg_id', 'submission_date', 'status']

Reviewer: If I didn't know about aliases, this example would confuse me because I wouldn't know if it was lines 150-151 or the `model_fields` that was the fields we wanted. Maybe use a simpler example, or link to the  ninja docs?

Author: Removed those two confusing lines.
